Boundary Docs (#2900)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/overview/secrets-management.mdx

For customers who may not yet have a credential management solution, or are looking to easily onboard, Boundary can function as a rudimentary static credential store.
Boundary provides a comprehensive access workflow that integrates with secrets management providers, enforces secure and granular network and credential access based on identity, audits all access, and automates the discovery and configuration of new target endpoints.

### Does Boundary replace a secrets management solution?

Boundary is not intended to replace an existing secrets management solution.
Boundary is designed to work with your secrets management solution to comprehensively secure infrastructure access.
For many users, Boundary's native static credential management capabilities may be sufficient.
For those that require more advanced credential workflows, such as dynamic credentials, [HashiCorp Vault](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/) is a natural complement to Boundary.

> See also [Boundary vs. privileged access management](/boundary/docs/overview/pam) and [Boundary vs. software-defined perimeter](/boundary/docs/overview/sdp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to also [Boundary vs. privileged access management](/boundary/docs/overview/pam) and [Boundary vs. software-defined perimeter](/boundary/docs/overview/sdp).
```
